=== CRICKET MATCH STORY ===
Event: t20
Generated: 20260327_121123
Files: geolocation.mp4, sample.mp4

In the field, the drama was no less intense. Welcome from team TechElytes presenting on the topic Geolocation based attendance tracking mobile application. We are introducing you to the technology where efficiency meets innovation in attendance management system for employees. Traditional methods are prone to errors, inefficiencies and time-consuming processes but not anymore with our application. Introducing the app, Attended, our smart automated attendance tracking application designed to streamline and simplify employee management to improve work efficiency in Employer Tendence Management System. With Pre-Size Geolocation and Real-Time GPS tracking, the application simplifies attendance logging. Our app do automatic check-ins and check-outs of employees using Geofencing within a 200 meter radius. When you leave this radius, the app instantly checks you out ensuring every entry and exit is accurately recorded. For remote work or off-site tasks, Attended offers a manual check-in and check-out feature with easy location confirmation. The app also calculates total working hours providing a clear view of each employee's work time enhancing productivity insights. By automating attendance, Attended app helps organizations to save their time, reduce errors and improve overall productivity and efficiency. In this way, the application is very useful in attendance management. Let's take a close look at the technology used behind the Attended app. Our frontend is built using Flutter, ensuring for a smooth responsive experience on any of the device. We used Flutter's Geolocation dependencies to provide precise real-time tracking making attendance effortless and reliable. On the back end, we have integrated Firebase for official server handling and database enabling for seamless app performance. With real-time data synchronization, Attended keeps your attendance records up to date and accurate at all of the times. Security is top priority. Attended ensures top-tier data encryption, firewall protection and JWT authentication to safeguard employees' data in the company. Experience the future of.

The match unfolded dramatically, ball by ball. By automating attendance, Attended app helps organizations to save their time, reduce errors and improve overall productivity and efficiency.