Files: geolocation.mp4, sample.mp4

[geolocation.mp4]
Welcome from team TechElytes presenting on the topic Geolocation based attendance tracking mobile application. We are introducing you to the technology where efficiency meets innovation in attendance management system for employees. Traditional methods are prone to errors, inefficiencies and time-consuming processes but not anymore with our application. Introducing the app, Attended, our smart automated attendance tracking application designed to streamline and simplify employee management to improve work efficiency in Employer Tendence Management System. With Pre-Size Geolocation and Real-Time GPS tracking, the application simplifies attendance logging. Our app do automatic check-ins and check-outs of employees using Geofencing within a 200 meter radius. When you leave this radius, the app instantly checks you out ensuring every entry and exit is accurately recorded. For remote work or off-site tasks, Attended offers a manual check-in and check-out feature with easy location confirmation. The app also calculates total working hours providing a clear view of each employee's work time enhancing productivity insights. By automating attendance, Attended app helps organizations to save their time, reduce errors and improve overall productivity and efficiency. In this way, the application is very useful in attendance management. Let's take a close look at the technology used behind the Attended app. Our frontend is built using Flutter, ensuring for a smooth responsive experience on any of the device. We used Flutter's Geolocation dependencies to provide precise real-time tracking making attendance effortless and reliable. On the back end, we have integrated Firebase for official server handling and database enabling for seamless app performance. With real-time data synchronization, Attended keeps your attendance records up to date and accurate at all of the times. Security is top priority. Attended ensures top-tier data encryption, firewall protection and JWT authentication to safeguard employees' data in the company. Experience the future of...

[sample.mp4]
जेयें, पालेच की वा अफिस ला जानार या एक ते मुलीं साटी, हा महत्वाजा संदेशा आई. जर आपन रस्टेवर जातस्टाना, एक आद मुल रडटाना मतेचाद पत्ता आसे, असाजर मुल आपने दिस्टो वो आपने लाते विडन्ति करगासे, तो में पाट्टेवर नेवूं शोडा, तो मैट्वेंनो आपन वेड़िस सावगागा, ता मुलनाना या पत्टेवर गेवून ना जाता, आपने लाते मुलनाना ताकार पूलि सेशन लागे जाएचाएई, कर थ, चोरी करने, बलाद कर करने, वो आपनान करने, तो आईची नविल पट्टट जालि आये, तर मिट्वानो वो मैट्वेंनो आपने ला विननती आये, आपने ला बहिनि किवें मैट्वेंनी आस थें, तर तेंना रहा महदो था संदेश खर्वग गरा, हासंदेश खर्वग कराया आजी वात लाजून का, आप लेग चादा मुली लावाचाव सक्तो मैंट्रेनो आपश अवद्रा सुरक्षिट्रा सतर कराव जाहिं